CASMINST-6993: Linting (#5341)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Replacing_Foxconn_User_Pass.md

# Replacing Foxconn Username and Passwords in Vault

Foxconn (Paradise) nodes may be shipped with a different default username and password then the system password.
Because of the difference in user/password, these nodes will not be able to be discovered.
Vault needs to be updated with the Foxconn username and password using the `FoxconnUserPass.py` script or manually.

## Procedure using the `FoxconnUserPass.py` script

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Set up API token.

    ```bash
    export TOKEN=$(curl -k -s -S -d grant_type=client_credentials -d client_id=admin-client -d client_secret=$(kubectl get secrets admin-client-auth -o jsonpath='{.data.client-secret}' | base64 -d) https://api-gw-service-nmn.local/keycloak/realms/shasta/protocol/openid-connect/token | jq -r '.access_token')
    ```

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Set helper variable.

    ```bash
    DOCS_DIR=/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts
    ```

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Run the Foxconn update script

    ```bash
    $DOCS_DIR/operations/hardware_state_manager/FoxconnUserPass.py
    ```

    This will ask for the BMC username and password for the Paradise nodes.

>     The scirpt will look for undiscovered nodes, if it finds a Foxconn node, update vault with correct credentials.
> 
> 1. (`ncn-mw#`) Wait 10+ minutes for changes to take affect and nodes to be discovered. To check nodes which have failed to be discovered:

Author: ```suggestion
    The script will look for undiscovered nodes; if it finds a Foxconn node, it will update vault with correct credentials.

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Wait 10+ minutes for changes to take effect and nodes to be discovered. To check nodes which have failed to be discovered:
```
